README.md, before:

# Data Structures

Please note that this repository's purpose is to practice programming
different programming languages. The data structures will be chosen
arbitrarily, and I may very well not implement all features or
structures in all languages I choose to practice.

Planned data structures are:

- Linked lists
- Binary search trees
  - Unbalanced
  - AVL trees
  - Red-black trees
- Priority queues
  - Binary heaps
  - Leftist heaps
  - Binomial heaps
  - Pairing heaps
- Disjunct sets
- Graphs

# Languages

Planned languages are:

- Java
- C
- Scala
- JavaScript

## Java

The following data structures have been implemented in Java:

- Linked list

# Notes

I may add more data structures and languages over
time. Implementations may vary depending on the features of a
language. For instance I will try to ensure Scala implementations are
immutable to fit the functional paradigm, while a Java implementation
will almost certainly be mutable.

# License

The data structures language practice project.
Copyright (C) 2013 Sigmund Hansen

This file is part of Data Structures Language Practice Project, DSLPP.

DSLPP is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

DSLPP is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with DSLPP.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

Commit message:

Adds information about object pools to README.

README.md, after:

# Data Structures

Please note that this repository's purpose is to practice programming
different programming languages. The data structures will be chosen
arbitrarily, and I may very well not implement all features or
structures in all languages I choose to practice.

Planned data structures are:

- Linked lists
- Object pool
- Binary search trees
  - Unbalanced
  - AVL trees
  - Red-black trees
- Priority queues
  - Binary heaps
  - Leftist heaps
  - Binomial heaps
  - Pairing heaps
- Disjunct sets
- Graphs

# Languages

Planned languages are:

- Java
- C
- Scala
- JavaScript

## Java

The following data structures have been implemented in Java:

- Linked list

# Notes

I may add more data structures and languages over
time. Implementations may vary depending on the features of a
language. For instance I will try to ensure Scala implementations are
immutable to fit the functional paradigm, while a Java implementation
will almost certainly be mutable.

Although the object pool is not technically a data structure,
but a design pattern, there aren't that many ways to efficiently implement
object pools. As such, I've chosen to simply add it as a data structure,
because it is very useful for saving on resources (both CPU time and memory).

# License

The data structures language practice project.
Copyright (C) 2013 Sigmund Hansen

This file is part of Data Structures Language Practice Project, DSLPP.

DSLPP is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

DSLPP is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with DSLPP.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
